docs: add office hour 05012024 (#223)
catenax-ng/catenax-ng.github.io: blog/2023-01-05-OfficeHours.md

---
slug: Office Hours 2024-01-05
title: Office Hours 2024-01-05
authors: DevSecOps
tags: [ news, officehour ]
---

### DevSecOps / System-Team

- Happy New Year to all of you!
- Offboarding former Developer  
  If there have developers left Catena-X GH Team Maintainers are asked to do housekeeping in their responsible

>   Catenax-ng GH Teams. After removing accounts from a GH Team these accounts do have no longer access to Repos, ArgoCD,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Catenax-ng GH Teams. After removing accounts from a GH Team these accounts won't have access to Repos, ArgoCD and
```

>   Vault. To get deleted from GH Org catenax-ng get in contact with System-Team, who is managing the GH Org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Vault any longer. To get deleted from GH Org catenax-ng get in contact with System-Team, who is managing the GH Org.
```

### Security

- n/a

### FOSS

- n/a
- FOSS Team will be back starting the week 15. Jan 2024

### Open Planning / Community

- No contribution

## Open discussions

- License/Copyright Header and new year - do we have to update all files in the repository?  
  No, you don't have to. When you touch a file, update the License/Copyright header like this:

  ```text
  /*******************************************************************************
   * Copyright (c) 2023, 2024 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
  [...]
  ```

- How to contribute to the catena-x.net website  
  The catena-x.net website is owned by the Catena-X Association and not maintained by Eclipse Tractus-X. Please get in

>   contact with Stephan Baur, he will get you in contact with the correct contacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contact with Stephan Bauer, he will get you in contact with the correct contacts.
```
